With the development of the society, the human resource management has become the important part of the enterprise management. To a vestibule show to manage human resources of the school, how to inspire the positivity of its staff, is a vital problem of each school to be encountered. There are so many existing human resource management systems all around the world so far. However, almost all of them have these or those defects not to satisfy the requests of the modern human resource management. The function is simple and not robust , generally having the personnel file management function or wages accounting function only , lack of general use , vivid and contingency abilities, and usually existing in PC system and inconvenient to users using, especially the system that fits the vestibule school’s human resource management is less. Therefore, it is necessary to develop a kind of networked system to meet the vestibule school human resource management requests.Based on extensively analyzing and comparing to the domestic and international existing human resource, the author developed a powerful human resource management system based on the Web. This article elaborated the whole development process of the system, and illustrated the design and realizations details. The system includes nine sub-systems: personnel file management, wages management, lesson-hour subsidize management, on-line job advertisement, title judge, occupation career planning, results investigate, resources information management, user data setting , etc. While designing the system function, the author considered overall the present conditions and developing trends of human resource management. The system embodies fully the principle of modern human resource management.The system has following characteristics: 1) Application oriented system. It’s not a general but a system oriented to the human resource management of vestibule school, it’s a powerful human resource management system rather than a simple personnel file management system or a wages management system. 2) High flexibility and goodusability. The effective backup setting functions benefit defining the system individually for system users, adjusting the system in time, and customizing varieties of human resource management;B/S(Browser/Server) structure of the system make clients not need installing any softwares and the system is easy to use;3) Riched safety precautions techniques. Three kinds of safety strategies are adopted in the system. The first is using the Session to limit the interview of the user who has not yet logon. The second is to categorize the users, different users will have different operation interfaces, to prevent functions abusing. The third is to use the technique of randomly verifying code, to keep the aggressor on the network from writing procedure to autologin the system repeatedly and decrypt the password violently.